you're probably used to heading to
Starbucks for a quick recharge during a
busy day well now you can do the same
thing for your smartphone the coffee
chain and door cells are rolling out
Powermat wireless charging stations in
San Francisco now and next year two
other major cities across the country
Starbucks is teaming up with Duracell
Powermat to install small circular
charging pads directly into counters and
tables at Starbucks and Teavana stores
across the country don't have a foam
that's compatible with the charging pads
no worries CNET reports you can buy a
tiny inexpensive receiver ring that
plugs into your phone and lets you place
it onto the pad to charge when you're
out and about the city you're running
out of battery you're getting into
Starbucks you place your phone on the
counter and you get a charge while
you're having your coffee this is a very
intuitive kind of service over the next
three years more than 100,000 of these
Handy charging pads will reportedly be
installed in Starbucks 7,500 company
owned locations add them up and that's
about a dozen per store Gizmodo says
this is a major win for Duracell
Powermat and the technology that powers
its devices the outlet points out right
now there are two different wireless
charging standards Qi which is backed by
companies like Nokia and Samsung and the
power matters alliance or PMA which is
used by Duracell Powermat s-- the verge
notes the Starbucks power mat program
could be enough to make the PMA standard
more well standard cheese technology has
been embedded into a lot more
smartphones than PMA's but miss could
potentially change things and the power
mat charge pads will of course be a
victory for Starbucks too as USA Today
points out the coffee giant is appealing
to the techie often youngish clientele
with this new move not only is Starbucks
eliminating the stress it's giving
customers a cool reason to linger and
buy another $4 cup of it's designer
coffee Duracell Powermat spreadin told
the verge the company hopes to have
charging pads in stores in major
metropolitan centers across the US by
2015 for news II I'm Myka Sargent